♪ ♪
(clanging nearby)
Dispatch, 727-L-30
at Studio Self-Storage.
-I have a possible...
-(shouting)
(both grunting)
-(gunshot)
-(Jeffery cries out)
Mr. Hudson.
We were able to extract
the bullet from your hip.
The bullet did, however,
enter the groin area.
We salvaged what we could.
We placed a stent
in your urethra
to keep the opening patent.
You'll need a Foley catheter
for the next few weeks,
but once the sutures are removed
and the muscles heal,
you should be able to
urinate on your own.
Though it will have to be
sitting down.
Well, Nurse Miles here will
check on your dressing.
(siren wailing)
RANSONE:
Got to hand it to you, Sergeant,
when your instincts are right,
they are very, very right.
-You got him?
-We got him, Athena.
Jeffery's big adventure is done.
He's going back to lockup.
I know some people who are gonna
be very happy to hear that.
You let them know.
I'll take it from here.
("Paint It Black"
by the Rolling Stones playing)
♪ ♪
I can't believe
we just did that.
There it is.
-His home address.
-What for?
Jeffery, we should leave.
And then what?
You made me a murderer.
That's what a crappy lawyer
you are.
Instead of getting me off
for rape,
you're gonna get me hung
for murder.
You didn't kill him, I did.
I wasn't talking about him.
♪ I see a line of cars ♪
♪ And they're all
painted black ♪
♪ With flowers and my love ♪
♪ Both never to come back ♪
♪ I see people
turn their heads ♪
♪ And quickly look away ♪
♪ Like a newborn baby
it just happens every day ♪
♪ I look inside myself ♪
♪ And see my heart is black ♪
♪ I see my red door ♪
♪ I must have it painted black ♪
♪ Maybe then I'll fade away ♪
♪ And not have to face
the facts ♪
♪ It's not easy facing up ♪
♪ When your whole world
is black ♪
♪ No more will my green sea ♪
♪ Go turn a deeper blue ♪
♪ I could not foresee
this thing ♪
♪ Happening to you ♪
♪ If I look hard enough ♪
-♪ Into the setting sun ♪
-(laughter)
♪ My love will laugh with me ♪
♪ Before the morning comes ♪
♪ I see a red door ♪
♪ And I want to paint it black ♪
♪ No colors anymore ♪
♪ I want them to turn black ♪
♪ I see the girls walk by ♪
♪ Dressed in their
summer clothes ♪
♪ I have to turn my head
until my dark... ♪
This is my mom's room.
-Oh, is it?
-(music playing faintly)
I got turned around just looking
for the little boys' room.
Oh, well, the guest bathroom's
over here.
Show me?
Are you from the neighborhood?
I don't think I recognize you.
I'm a friend of your mom's.
-From work?
-Something like that.
So this house party,
when did it start?
Like, um, early.
10:00 a.m.,
people started popping by.
Do you remember
the last time you saw your son?
Oh, God.
Honestly, I'm not sure.
You need to be sure, Michael.
Yeah, but I'm not, Athena.
What the hell were you thinking?
Just letting strangers just
traipse in and out
-of our house like that?
-They're not strangers,
they're neighbors.
Your neighbors.
And I probably wouldn't have,
had I known that there was
some psycho
with a vendetta out for you
-who had escaped
and was out on the loose!
-Michael, Michael,
where were you when
the generator died?
The generator did not die.
It was unplugged. David said so.
Somebody probably kicked that
plug out of the wall.
I was tripping on it
all day long.
Nobody tripped over any plug.
Jeffery Hudson was
in this house, I know it.
He cut the power
and he took our son.
MAYNARD: We don't know that
for sure. Not yet.
Harry's not at any
of the neighbors' houses
-that we checked.
-And nobody we spoke to
remembers seeing him leaving,
by himself
or with anyone matching
Hudson's description.
We are wasting time. We need to
get detectives down here.
And, no offense,
I appreciate the help,
but my ex-husband's
surgeon boyfriend
does not need to be the one
-out here canvassing.
-All right,
I'll see who's available.
Excuse me.
(phone ringing, vibrating)
-Hello?
-HARRY: Mom?
-Harry?
-Harry, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
-Where are you?
-I'm not sure.
What do you mean
you're not sure?
(Harry cries out)
-JEFFERY:
He means the whole city's dark.
-Jeffery!
You know, I gotta commend you.
Somebody raised this boy right.
He's been very polite.
When I threatened to shoot
everyone in your house,
he did exactly as I asked.
You do not have to
do this, Jeffery.
-Don't I?
-No.
I feel like I kinda have
to do something.
I don't think my court case was
really going all that well,
to be honest, and, well,
things have escalated.
Things are not nearly as bad
-as you think they are.
-Really?
'Cause they seem pretty bad.
You can escape, Jeffery.
Half the state's in the dark.
Our resources are spread
razor-thin.
Nobody even knew
you were missing for four days.
Nobody has to come
looking for you now.
If you can make it
to the border,
you can just walk into Mexico
and be home free.
-Just that easy?
-Yeah.
Just let my son go, unharmed,
and I promise you
I will not come after you.
I'd like to believe that, but
I just don't think
you have it in you
-to give up.
-You're wrong.
When you finally realized that
I never made it back to lockup,
did it occur to you even once
to warn your family?
No, it did not.
Because
you weren't thinking about them,
you were thinking about me.
See, you're not a mom
who's a cop.
You're a cop who happens
to be a mother. So no,
this ends one way, my way.
You took something from me,
-now I'm gonna
take something from you.
-(line beeps)
Hey, hey.
(sirens wailing)
Thought you were headed home.
Josh said you wanted to see me?
Why don't we sit down.
What's wrong?
It's your brother.
-He's missing. Kidnapped.
-What? Who would...
Jeffery Hudson.
He's in jail.
Well, he's supposed to be,
but there was
some kind of mix-up.
He's been on the loose since
the night the blackout started.
The police just realized
the mistake tonight.
But how did Harry...
Hudson showed up at the house.
He took your brother.
I have to go. My parents...
They want you here.
What? I should be with them,
helping them find my brother.
I promised your mother
that I would keep you here
and keep you safe.
(sighs)
-I guess she has enough
to worry about.
-Yeah.
Just know that we're doing
the best we can.
ATHENA:
Yeah, I know. All right.
Well, a BOLO's been issued,
-and an Amber Alert.
-That's it?
Nobody's taking this
lightly, Michael.
Elaine's pulling
what resources she can.
So, but-but where
does that leave us?
Elaine wants me to wait here.
And hopefully Jeffery
won't be able
to resist taunting me,
and he'll call again.
That's not much of a plan.
It's all we got.
How about I radio the station
and let 'em know
-I'm not coming in tonight?
-No.
Go back to work.
I mean, this city can use
all the heroes
it can get right now.
Okay. I'm a phone call away.
-Love you.
-Love you, too.
-Hey, Bobby.
Can you do me a favor?
-Yeah.
Can you drop off David
at my place on your way?
Sure.
-Hey, I am so sorry
this has happened.
-Yeah.
Yeah, me, too.
Okay...
what's the plan?
-I just told you the plan.
-Athena,
now I was married to you
for 17 years.
And there is no way in hell
that you are gonna sit here
and wait for that phone to ring.
So whatever the next step is,
I'm taking it with you.
This is our son. And damn it,
you are not leaving me
behind this time.
All right.
So what are you thinking?
Well, we know he's using
Ransone's car, his gun,
and his badge.
So it makes me wonder
what else of Ransone's
has he been using?
(brakes screech)
(door opens, closes)
Damn it.
Okay, Harry...
Come on now, buddy.
You don't want to do this.
You know I can't leave you
out here alone.
It's just not safe.
I'm not fooling around, kid.
I don't have time for this.
I'm gonna give you
to the count of five
to show yourself.
Then I'm gonna go back
and put a bullet
in everyone you love.
One.
Two.
Three!
Knock it off.
-Help!
-Get in the car.
-Just get in the car.
-Help!
Hey, what are you doing?
It's okay, ma'am,
I'm a police officer.
This kid's in my custody.
-Caught him breaking
into the building.
-He's lying!
Taking advantage
of the blackout, no doubt.
-Help, please. He's gonna
kill me. He's not a cop.
-Hey, hey!
-Stop resisting.
-Please.
If you have a phone, record us.
My parents need to know
what happened to me.
You said you're a cop.
Where's your badge?
Show it to me.
You can't be serious.
You want to see my badge?
Here it is? See?
Okay? I told you, I'm a cop.
It's nothing to worry about,
okay?
You and your pooch have
a great night, okay?
DISPATCHER:
911. What's your emergency?
CALLER: My friend got shot.
We're in the PPZ.
-The what?
-The Autonomous Cop-Free Zone.
On Santa Monica and Vermont.
Dispatch says there's
a Gold Line Metro station
in the middle of this thing.
-Can't we use that to sneak in?
-I don't sneak.
WOMAN:
I don't know who
called you guys.
No official passes
these barricades.
-We don't need you!
-MAN: Get out of here!
-We have volunteers
to take care of that.
-But they're not.
Someone in your camp called 911.
-That's who we are. We are 911.
-(siren wails)
You've got a man in there
bleeding out.
You have your rules,
and we have ours.
-Why is everyone just
standing there?
-BUCK: They won't let us in.
This wannabe mayor is
blocking the way
-'cause of some stupid rule.
-MAN: Get the hell out of here!
Really? Since when
do anarchists have rules?
-WOMAN: Get out!
-Adapt or die.
There's no rules here.
MAN:
What are you doing?
(excited chatter)
You're not supposed to be here.
I'm not supposed to crack
your skull open
with this either.
Where is the injured guy?
-Help. Over here!
-All right, clear a path.
Gunshot wound. Looks like
a through-and-through.
Brachial artery looks
to be intact. Chim?
-Got it.
-All right, I'll call it in.
Take some breaths.
(groaning)
BUCK:
So, that was awesome, Cap.
Just not having it tonight, huh?
Everything okay?
Harry's been kidnapped.
-What's the paint for?
-Never mind.
You can't get away, you know.
I know.
Mean old Mommy's gonna
come after me, right?
No, actually I was thinking
about my dad.
He's gonna beat your ass.
Enough of this crap.
Hands.
Hands, damn it!
(muffled cry)
So our boy was really
charging neighbors
five dollars a head?
I hope you told him
to give it back.
Yes.
It was enterprising.
God, what if we don't find him?
What if we get to Lou's
apartment and there's nothing?
We don't know what
we're gonna find, Michael.
-You told Maynard that we're not
waiting for them, right?
-Yeah.
She said she'd send
whoever she could, but no,
I'm not waiting for backup.
I just don't understand it.
I mean, why does this guy
hate you so much?
I mean, he could really be
in Mexico right now.
Why is he still
coming after you?
I shot off his junk.
I'm sorry, you did what, now?
His magic wand. I shot it off.
-No, you did not.
-I did.
(laughing)
-Well, that would do it. Okay.
-It's not funny, Michael.
The hell it's not. I mean,
considering what you
arrested him for?
I mean, it's poetic.
He was using it as a weapon.
You disarmed the man.
"Hands in the air! Drop it!"
(both laugh)
I didn't do it on purpose.
But I will say I am not sorry.
All right, we're here.
All right, I guess, uh,
this is the part
where you tell me that
you're the cop,
and I'm the architect, and I
can't come in there with you.
I wouldn't dare. But I go first.
All right.
Clear.
Bedroom clear.
Is anyone even staying here?
Oh, yeah.
He was here, and he wants me
to know it.
Is that a message?
If the middle finger's
a message, oh, yeah.
It's a message.
Okay, well,
then what else is here?
You know, maybe that's not
the only message he left behind.
Maybe there's something else.
You know, a clue to where
he took Harry.
Michael, don't touch anything!
What?!
This is a crime scene.
We gotta let 'em go over it.
-We said we wouldn't wait
for them.
-We didn't.
But now we gotta let 'em
bring in their fine-tooth combs
and do their jobs.
This entire room is
filled with evidence.
That could lead us to our son.
-Michael. Michael!
-What?!
Do you just want me
to stand here
and not do anything?
Is that what you're
saying to me?
How in the hell am I
supposed to do that, Athena?
-He took our son and he's gone!
-Michael, hey. Hey, hey, hey!
Look at me.
We're gonna find him.
We're not done. Not yet.
(crying):
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
(phone ringing)
It's May.
Okay. Okay, okay, okay.
ATHENA:
May?
Mom, I found Harry.
-Help. Help!
-Get in the car.
MAYNARD:
She got it from social media?
MICHAEL: Yeah. Ever since
we had our run-in
with your
Officer of the Year Reynolds,
May gets alerts for videos
of cops acting out.
MAYNARD:
Well, I never thought
I would say this,
but thank God for nosy Karens
and their Twitter accounts.
Well, our Karen is a Judy,
and she lives in Santa Clarita.
-May DM'd her.
-Got it. Keep me posted.
Detectives are processing
Lou's apartment now.
-We'll let you know
what they find.
-Only a matter of time.
(muffled cry)
Come on. Come on, kid. Come on.
-Get in there.
-(muffled shouts)
Get in there!
(muffled shouting continues)
Look, you can scream
all you want, kid.
There's no one around to hear.
Listen to me. Hey. Look.
I want you to know
none of this is your fault.
Okay?
It's not mine either. It's hers.
Your mother can save you,
or she can come after me.
But she can't do both.
(muffled cries)
-Help. Help!
-Get in the car.
-Hey, what are you doing?
-HARRY: He's not a cop.
He's gonna kill me.
-You said this happened
three hours ago?
-Yeah.
It took me a really long time
to upload the video.
My connection kept dropping out.
I almost gave up.
Thank you for doing this.
You know, just to see his face,
and to know that
he's still fighting...
and that he's still alive...
Now, tell me, what did you see
before the video?
I mean, was he hurting Harry?
They were struggling.
The guy was trying
to get him back into the car.
I knew that something was wrong,
but then he showed me his badge.
And you pulled out your phone.
That was your son's idea.
-He's a really smart kid.
-Yeah. (chuckles)
-You guys did a great job.
-Thank you.
You hear that, babe?
(engine starts, car departs)
Is that your wife?
Ex-wife.
-(horn blaring)
-Okay, I'm on the freeway.
-Where am I going?
-JEFFERY: Hey, slow down.
We're gonna get to that
in a minute.
First, the ground rules.
Come alone, no backup.
I get it, don't worry.
Oh, I'm not worried,
but you should be.
Because where we're going,
there are no police allowed.
The autonomous zone?
I'll see you here,
Sergeant Grant.
♪ ♪
What's he doing?
He still hasn't moved.
Leave it alone, Buck.
Nobody's going in there.
EDDIE:
I can't imagine what Cap's
going through right now.
If it was Christopher,
I'd be losing my mind.
Why Harry?
Thought this guy's thing
was attacking women.
Pretty sure that's exactly
what he's doing, Buck.
(quietly):
Hail Mary, full of grace,
the Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou amongst women.
Blessed is the fruit
of thy womb.
-Hail Mary...
-(phone ringing, vibrating)
Michael.
MICHAEL:
Bobby, we've got an emergency.
-(alarm ringing)
-(sirens wailing)
(indistinct chatter)
-(sighs)
-Nice night for a walk.
You lost?
I believe I'm home.
They said this is the
People's Protection Zone?
Well, I'm people.
And you need protection?
Actually, I do.
-From who?
-An animal...
with a badge.
You're in the right place.
What's this pig look like?
JEFFERY:
See? I'm a cop.
-Maybe you can share this
with your people?
-Okay?
Here it is.
-(indistinct chatter)
-(phone ringing)
I'm here, alone.
Just like I said.
-Where's my son?
-JEFFERY: Don't you worry
about that
right now.
You may have brought me
down here to put a bullet in me,
but I'm not gonna
give you that chance.
Not till you tell me
where my son is.
Hey, you are not the one
calling the shots here,
Sergeant Grant, I am.
ATHENA:
So what, you gonna
pick me off from the shadows?
Is that your plan, Jeffery?
What about all these
innocent civilians?
-(phones chiming)
-Innocent?
Really? They've commandeered
eight city blocks.
They're hardly innocent.
They're thieves.
Well, whatever they are,
I don't think they'll take
too kindly
to a dirty cop killing someone
in the middle of their
People's Paradise.
You got yourself an exit
strategy worked out?
Oh, I've got everything
worked out.
-Yeah, I bet you do.
-And when you say "dirty cop,"
are you referring to me
or to you?
ATHENA:
I'm not dirty.
JEFFERY:
And I'm not a cop.
ATHENA: Really?
'Cause that's not what I hear
you been telling folk.
JEFFERY (on video):
See? I'm a cop.
There he is.
That guy's a cop!
That's him, right there!
-(overlapping shouting)
-That guy's a cop!
(shouting continues)
-Thank you for your help.
Keep everyone up here.
-What are you gonna do?
-I'm going after him.
-Are you crazy?
That guy's a cop.
-They're all animals.
-I beg to differ.
♪ ♪
(water dripping)
(rats squeaking)
(clattering nearby)
Jeffery, this doesn't have
to end badly.
You show yourself now
and prove to me
that my son is safe,
and my offer still holds.
I'll let you walk out of here.
You don't believe me?
Lou Ransone told me that
it wasn't you who attacked him.
He said it was Lila Risco.
You hear me, Jeffery?
Detective Ransone isn't dead.
He survived. But you didn't
know that, did you?
Otherwise you wouldn't have been
squatting in his apartment.
And as for the lady lawyer,
well, I figure, after seeing
what she was capable of,
that was just self-defense.
I know things seem dark
right now
and hopeless,
but they're not hopeless.
And they're most definitely
not dark!
Drop the gun, Jeffery.
(chuckling):
Wow.
You lured me down here.
No, bitch, I chased you
down here.
Now drop it, and tell me
where my boy's at.
-How'd you even manage
to pull this off?
-Easy.
I got no end of backup.
ATHENA:
You think you got me
alone that night? No, sir.
When you came at me, you came
at everyone who loves me.
You didn't stand a chance.
And you got lucky that night.
If you hadn't
picked up that gun,
you'd be dead already!
And you'd still be peeing
standing up.
Now drop it!
Don't make me shoot you again.
No?
That your firefighter husband?
Damn it!
(coughing)
-It wasn't loaded.
-What?
Where's Harry?
Tell me where he is!
Keep him alive. Keep him alive!
He's not breathing.
Where is he? Where is he?!
Where is he?!
Tell me where he is!
I got no pulse.
(sirens wailing)
ATHENA:
Jeffery Hudson was an evil man,
but he wasn't a stupid one.
He knew that this could
only end one way.
He made sure it happened
on his terms.
He knew exactly
what he was doing,
what he was making me do.
He was our last lead
to finding Harry,
and I-I played right into
his hands.
You sent that man where he
belongs; straight to hell.
-It...
-No, listen.
That guy has no more moves.
It's up to us to find our son,
and he's alive.
We have to believe that.
So this is everything
we found on his body?
MAYNARD:
And from Ransone's car, yes.
What do these keys belong to?
-No idea.
-ATHENA: The answer is in
those four days before we knew
Hudson was missing. I think
he was planning something.
Is there any way we can trace
the movements of this phone?
It's a burner.
All right.
All right, so we know
the video of Harry
was made in Santa Clarita.
What was he doing there?
Where was he going?
MAYNARD: There was a report
that the real estate office
that Hudson worked out of
was broken into a few days ago.
But several of the businesses
out there
-were also hit by looters.
-You think looters
would hit a real estate office?
Did they happen to report
any keys missing?
We need to find out if that
real estate office
has any listings in or around
Santa Clarita.
MAY:
Not Santa Clarita.
Next door. Valencia.
A housing development his
company was refurbishing.
They never finished the project.
It shut down because
of the pandemic.
It's been sitting empty
ever since.
Thanks, baby.
Valencia. Bring those damn keys.
-(line ringing)
-Who you calling?
Reinforcements.
-I'll send units.
-You do that.
(sirens wailing)
Hey, I-I have keys.
We don't need keys.
(horn blaring)
(tires screeching)
All right. I want every one
of these houses checked.
Every room. Every closet,
crawl space, basement.
Every inch. Let's go!
Harry!
-Harry!
-Harry?
-Eddie...
-Yeah?
Harry!
-Harry.
-Harry?
Come on, Harry.
You up here?
-Harry!
-Harry?
Harry!
-Harry!
BOBBY:
Harry?
Harry!
Cap. Nothing upstairs,
nothing in the crawl spaces.
The other houses are clear, too.
We can pull the FLIR tech.
Or maybe
-we can get some dogs out here.
-Yeah, maybe.
Yeah, or maybe this is
a goose chase, and he's buried
-out there somewhere.
-Michael!
Hey, I found this out back.
I don't know
if it means anything.
BOBBY:
Check for wet paint, guys.
Wet paint.
-Eddie.
-On it.
Wait, wait, wait! Harry!
-Harry!
-BOBBY: All right, guys.
-Come on!
-Get a gurney in here!
-Athena,
we got him! Hey,
give me a knife or something!
Oh, come on.
-We got him, we got him, baby.
-Come on! Come on!
-Come on.
-I got him, I got him.
Okay, take it easy.
-We got you. We got you.
-Is he okay?
-(excited, overlapping chatter)
-CHIMNEY: Pulse is weak.
-Get him out of here!
-Get him out, get him out.
We got you. We're gonna
take care of you, okay?
-Make a hole! Make a hole!
-BOBBY: You okay?
-(Athena whimpers)
-Okay.
♪ ♪
(siren wailing)
(helicopter blades whirring)
(sirens wailing)
Okay, vitals are good.
Everything seems good.
Mommy, did you get him?
Yeah, I got him, baby.
And now we got you, too.
Everything's okay now.
Everything's just fine.
♪ ♪
-(clacking, whirring)
-Do you hear that?
Oh... AC! How I missed you.
The power's on,
and not a moment too soon.
My leg was really not up
for taking those stairs again.
(phone vibrating)
Everything okay?
-It's from my brother.
-Oh...
-Oh, honey.
-Good.
REPORTER: Violence
and further property damage
continue to ravage the area
that has been called
an autonomous zone...
(line ringing)
(recorded):
Hey, it's Chimney. Talk later.
Hi. Uh, I know that
you're working,
but something...
You know what, never mind.
We're good here.
I just wanted to make sure
you're okay, too.
Love you.
(Jee-Yun cries)
Well, look at all of
this glorious electricity.
Guess the power czar is
out of business.
I gladly hand my power
back to the power company.
Good, 'cause my phone is dead.
You did a horrible job.
How's Harry doing?
As good as can be after being
abducted by a lunatic
and sealed in a wall to die.
Did Cap not come back with you?
He's still at the hospital
with Athena.
Uh, so who's in charge
till he gets back?
I am.
He did not say that.
Not in words.
You didn't catch
that manly glance
of unspoken confidence he
flashed me before we left?
I did not.
He said that if he wasn't back
by end of shift,
that he would close it out
in the morning.
Would you guys say this is
the longest shift
we've ever worked?
It definitely rates.
(elevator chimes)
Harry's okay?
Oh, he's... he's safe.
-How are you?
-Ask me tomorrow. (chuckles)
It is tomorrow.
Then I'm good.
-You're finally coming home?
-Yes.
And I cannot wait to see you.
Ah. Thought you'd be
the first one out the door.
Christopher know you're coming?
Not yet.
I haven't figured out what
I'm gonna say when I get home.
To Ana.
♪ ♪
(sighs)
(grunts, sighs)
TAYLOR: ...since the five-day
citywide blackout has ended.
Thankfully, the power grid has
returned to normal function.
Utilities and essential
technologies
-have followed suit.
-Hi, honey.
I'm home.
The hacker group initially
claiming responsibility,
and demanding a hefty ransom,
has gone off-line,
virtually scrubbing their
existence from the Internet,
leaving no trace...
Are you sure you don't want
to go to bed, man?
I know you're exhausted.
I'm not tired.
TAYLOR:
...a very trying week.
Many questions remain...
Now, you know you can talk
to me, right?
There's nothing to talk about.
I'm fine.
TAYLOR:
But now that the power has
at least been restored,
Angelinos can begin to put
their lives back together,
piece by piece.
Okay, I think that is
everything.
You ready to go see your daddy?
Yeah, I think he's gonna be
happy to see you, too.
Mmm. You know, I thought that
I would hate canned fruit,
but it's not bad.
A little lime, some chili.
Who'd have thought?
Yes!
It is all good.
Great, actually.
You didn't have to cook
all this, though.
-Let's make brownies next.
-(laughs)
You know, I think we need to
clean that kitchen first.
Maybe you should go home first.
I mean, you've been
stuck here for days.
I'm sure you want to
get back to your own place.
Have some time for yourself.
Right. Yeah.
But I am not going to leave you
with the disaster
in the kitchen.
(clears throat)
A disaster. (laughs)
I'm sorry. I know
this place is such a wreck.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, but you've been
working nonstop,
so, you shouldn't have to
come home to this mess...
Oh, I-I bet the dishwasher
is working now, right?
You know what, I don't know
what I miss more,
whether it's the dishwasher
or the refrigerator.
-Ana...
-Or the air conditioning.
It's probably the-the
air conditioning, definitely.
Ana. Ana, stop.
We need to talk.
Those four words.
Maybe we should sit down.
Why?
You're fine.
You're not gonna pass out
or anything, right?
Your heart rate is not going up?
What do you mean?
You know what I mean.
I don't want you to... to panic
when you think about me.
Or when you think about
a future with me.
I can't-- I can't take that.
I thought it would work.
I did. The idea of us.
Chris loves you so much.
I just thought...
That eventually you would, too?
-I should have
said something sooner.
-Yeah.
You probably should have.
Well, I'm...
sorry about the mess,
but I guess it's...
it's your mess now.
-Right?
-Yeah, I guess it is.
You're...
You're an amazing father.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna go say goodbye to him.
Adios.
(speaks Spanish)
(chuckles)
Hey, Christopher.
Oh...
Is it ironic that
all I want to do
is close the blackout curtains
and go to sleep?
Maddie.
-Maddie?
-(phone vibrating)
Hey, what's up, Cap?
Ravi, what are you still
doing here?
I was waiting for Cap
to get back.
Yeah, he just called me in.
Where is he?
Upstairs.
Hey, Cap, what's going on?
-What couldn't
you tell me over the...
-(Jee-Yun fussing)
Jee-Yun.
What's my daughter doing here?
When I came back
to wrap the shift, she was here.
-Maddie was here?
-Not Maddie.
The baby.
Her mother dropped her off.
What, with you?
I was the only one here.
I don't understand.
Where's Maddie?
She's not here, Chim.
She asked me to give you this.
Hi.
I'm sure that you are confused,
hurt, and, uh...
probably really scared.
I don't know what to say.
You don't need to go
to the police
or come looking for me.
I'm not in any danger,
and no one is making me do this.
But Jee is not safe with me.
Not now, and maybe...
I know that you're gonna take
really good care of her.
And she's better off without me.
I love you.
I love both of you.
And I'm really sorry.
Captioning sponsored by
20th CENTURY FOX TELEVISION
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org